Runs = 100
BEGIN - Binary Search
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 14: ./cpp_experiments: No such file or directory

real	0m0.067s
user	0m0.035s
sys	0m0.020s
END - Binary Search
BEGIN - Max Pooling
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 21: ./max: No such file or directory

real	0m0.069s
user	0m0.036s
sys	0m0.019s
END - Max Pooling
BEGIN - Min Pooling
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 28: ./min: No such file or directory

real	0m0.070s
user	0m0.039s
sys	0m0.015s
END - min Pooling
BEGIN - avg Pooling
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 35: ./avg: No such file or directory

real	0m0.073s
user	0m0.039s
sys	0m0.016s
END - avg Pooling
BEGIN - Sum Pooling
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory
run_cpp_experiments.sh: line 42: ./sum: No such file or directory

real	0m0.068s
user	0m0.039s
sys	0m0.016s
END - Sum Pooling

 Performance counter stats for 'bash run_cpp_experiments.sh 100':

            273.06 msec task-clock                       #    0.774 CPUs utilized             
              1147      context-switches                 #    4.200 K/sec                     
                 0      cpu-migrations                   #    0.000 /sec                      
             41914      page-faults                      #  153.495 K/sec                     
   <not supported>      cycles                                                                
   <not supported>      instructions                                                          
   <not supported>      branches                                                              
   <not supported>      branch-misses                                                         

       0.352927528 seconds time elapsed

       0.188907000 seconds user
       0.090890000 seconds sys


